#### An Afternoon with Michael Torbett of Terra Vita Farm
I first discovered Terra Vita Farm at the Wilmington Farmers Market at Tidal Creek. Bright pink oyster mushrooms against a table of lush microgreens caught my eye immediately. After seeing all of the cool things the farm had to offer, I asked Michael Torbett, owner and operator of Terra Vita, to sit down and talk with me about his operation. 
Terra Vita Farm began as a way for Torbett to exercise his knowledge of and passion for plant biology. He first began growing microgreens at home, and now his farm is located in Rocky Point, just outside of Wilmington, North Carolina. Torbett focuses on microgreens, culinary herbs, and salad greens, while a friend of his grows a few varieties of mushrooms on the property as well. Torbett says that his goal is to grow things that people aren’t so used to seeing; he sees his farm as a way to bring our community together. To do his part for our planet, Torbett composts everything possible on his farm. No pesticides or chemicals are applied to any of his crops. He also focuses a lot of energy on topsoil preservation, which is vital to keeping a healthy and functioning farm. 
Torbett says that he has noticed a boom in farmers under the age of 35, including himself, in the last few years. Seeing people getting more involved in their own health is another inspiration for him. He brings his offerings to twenty-five restaurants in the area, but also participates in farmers markets on Saturdays and Mondays. He says that bringing his produce to a variety of audiences makes him feel as if he’s giving people a little more control of their eating. Torbett informed me about so many flaws in the American food system. He reminded me that all the produce we see in grocery stores is picked far before peak ripeness, usually over a month before it should be picked, meaning vital nutrients are being lost because of its detachment from the plant. Buying local, fresh produce should be a priority, not only for our local economies, but for our health. 
